That's your granddad?
That's right.
Um, get dressed first and we can discuss what's next.
Grandma, why are you here?
To meet my future granddaughter-in-law, of course.
Granddaughter-in-law?
Sir, there's been a misunderstanding.
Say no more.
I know you guys were college sweethearts, and even though you had a falling out, you still found each other.
So that you've reconciled, I'll take charge and throw you a grand wedding.
Granddad, you snuck into my studio?
You ungrateful boy.
I was worried about you.
Sir, this was an accident.
Versus engaged to my step-sister.
That's not important.
I just want you...
To marry my grandson.
What are you planning?
I've already had my assistant form the media,
but now the whole city knows that the Morgan Group's heir will soon marry Jade.
What?